Fix bug#102, typor#103 (#105)
changkun/modern-cpp-tutorial: book/en-us/03-runtime.md

by operation expressions, original literals, and Lambda expressions 
are all pure rvalue values.

Note that a string literal became rvalue in a class, and remains an lvalue in other cases (e.g., in a function)：

```cpp
class Foo {
        const char*&& right = "this is a rvalue";
public:

>         void bar(){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        void bar() {
```

            right = "still rvalue"; // the string literal is a rvalue

>         } 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        }
```

};

> int main(){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
int main() {
```

>     const char* const &left = "this is Left"; // here string literal is a lvalue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const char* const &left = "this is an lvalue"; // the string literal is an lvalue
```

>     const char* const &left = "this is Left"; // here string literal is a lvalue

Reviewer: Please fix here
